Dates keeps track of things you two have been meaning to do, and learns what's been fun and what hasn't along several different dimensions (i.e., adventure, romantic, intellectual, athletic; though, there aren't actually any assumptions about the dimensions you can use).

## Usage

    $ dates --help
    dates 1.0.0-beta, max & daphne.
    Usage: dates [command] [options] <ideas-file>

    To see help for a specific command, use the --help switch on that command.

    Commands:
      choose  Choose a good date idea for right now! [default command]
      list    Parse and list the contents of the date ideas file.

    Global options:
      --version, -v:   Print version and exit
         --help, -h:   Show this message

To run it, the simplest way is just to provide it with an ideas file and nothing else:

    $ dates ideas.rb
    watch _serenity_: (intellectual: 5, athletic: 0, adventure: 2, romantic: 4)

### Ideas

Dates need an ideas file to work.  An ideas file looks like this:

    DateIdeas.new do

      date "watch _movie title_" do
        kind :adventure => 2, :romantic => 4, :intellectual => 6, :athletic => 0
        requires :weather => 0, :hours => 2
        outcome 6
      end

      date "read a book" do
        kind :romantic => 3, :adventure => 6, :athletic => 3, :intellectual => 5
        requires :weather => 5, :hours => 2
      end

      date "go adventuring" do
        kind :adventure => 5, :romantic => 7, :intellectual => 5, :athletic => 1
        requires :weather => 8, :hours => 3
      end

    end

### Commands

The `choose` command picks a date, and it takes two options:

    $ dates choose --help
    dates 1.0.0-beta, max & daphne.
    Options for `choose` command:
      --weather, -w <f>:   Current weather score [0-9] (default: 5.0)
         --time, -t <f>:   Time commitment score [0-9] (default: 5.0)

The `list` command prints out the contents of an ideas file:

    $ dates list --help
    dates 1.0.0-beta, max & daphne.
    Options for `list` command:
      --incomplete, -i:   Only the incomplete dates
        --complete, -c:   Only the completed dates (with feedback)

## Tests

Dates uses RSpec 2 (core and expectations) for tests.  To run them, just call:

    bundle exec rspec test/spec.rb -c -f d
